[EDU-1685] - Add pub/sub managing connection state example (#2367)
ably/docs: examples/pub-sub-connection-state/page.md

# Manage connection states with Pub/Sub

> Enable clients to manage connection states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use connection states to monitor the lifecycle and status of client connections.
```

> Managing the connection state is crucial for ensuring reliable and consistent communication in realtime applications. By monitoring and handling connection states, clients can gracefully manage disconnections, reconnections, and other network-related events. This enables applications to maintain a seamless user experience, even in the face of network instability or interruptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage connection state to monitor and ensure reliable and consistent communication in realtime applications. By monitoring and handling connection states, clients can gracefully manage disconnections, reconnections, and other network-related events. Connection state is also preserved by Ably during periods of brief disconnection to provide message continuity to clients.
```
